Please don't look at them.
Son?
What's this?
I don't know.
Stella, do you care to explain yourself?
I swear you have to believe me.
Someone is trying to ruin my life.
We believe you.
You don't have to cry.
Believe her.
Don't be fooled by this slut's innocent act.
What are you doing here?
Mom, Dad, you look so tan.
How was vacation?
Let me catch you up on the drama.
This is my disgraced step-sister.
She's been lying to you.
She claims to own a bakery when, in reality,
she's been selling her skin for quick cash.
She's been doing it since college.
My dad even kicked her out of the house.
I was never oppressed to do this.
This morally bankrupt woman is unfit for you, your son, and...
Hold that filthy tongue of yours.
She's not unfit.
You are.